welcome back to must do Disney we have
scoured the happiest coolest place on
earth to bring you all the must use you
must do to do the must use it Disney
which brings up our next must do check
it out
this is my big shot
American Idol new this year
if you ever dream of becoming a part of
the America I don't phenomenon then
welcome to Hollywood
normally welcome to Disney's Hollywood
Studios because you have lived the dream
during the American Idol experience this
exhilarating attraction gives guests an
opportunity to experience the thrill as
if they are clearly asked to show
whether auditioning performing or
building as part of the audience
well that's it everybody we called for
theme parks - water parks and the
Downtown Disney area to bring you the
must to Disney attractions and
entertainment at Walt Disney World that
you well
must do thanks for watching bus to
Disney everyone I'll see you later and
have a great time do it
you